README.md, before:

# Site Index

Site Index will crawl a domain and index any reachable html urls then output to a urls.json file.

## Index a Site

To start an index, run the `node bin\site-index` file

```
./site-index --domain "codingsimply.com" --verbose --headers --html --type crawl --output "/some/reports"
```

Domain and output folder are required parameters. To see a list of parameters, run

```
./bin/site-index --help

Site Index

  Will crawl a site and generate the json file for all the urls found. Also     
  converts a sitemap to a json file.                                            

Options

  --domain www.domain.com       (Required) Domain to crawl.                         
  --output file                 (Required) Folder to output the information to.     
  --uri /path/to/file.html      You might want to add just one more path to index.  
  --html                        Save the raw html to file.                          
  --headers                     Save the response headers to file.                  
  --type sitemap|crawl|single   Use the sitemap or crawl to index a site for links. 
  --verbose                     Output progress information on the index.           
  --help                        Print this usage guide.
```

Commit message:

Screenshots and Limits
Added screenshots.
Added scanning limit.
Updated Readme.

README.md, after:

# Site Index

Site Index will crawl a domain and index any reachable html urls then output to a urls.json file.

## Index a Site

To start an index, run the `node --experimental-modules ./lib/site-index.js` file

```
node --experimental-modules ./lib/site-index.js --domain "codingsimply.com" --verbose --headers --html --type crawl --output "/some/reports"
```

Domain and output folder are required parameters. To see a list of parameters, run

```
node --experimental-modules ./lib/site-index.js --help

Site Index

  Will crawl a site and generate the json file for all the urls found. Also     
  converts a sitemap to a json file.                                            

Options

  --domain www.domain.com       (Required) Domain to crawl.                                                   
  --output file                 (Required) Folder to output the information to.                               
  --uri /path/to/file.html      You might want to add just one more path to index.                            
  --html                        Save the raw html to file.                                                    
  --headers                     Save the response headers to file.                                            
  --limit number                Max number of urls to scan. Default is 500, a value of -1 scans without       
                                limit.                                                                        
  --screenshots number          Max number of screenshots to take. Default is 1, a value of -1 screenshots    
                                every page.                                                                   
  --type sitemap|crawl|single   Use the sitemap or crawl to index a site for links.                           
  --verbose                     Output progress information on the index.                                     
  --help                        Print this usage guide. 
```
